There are four quality goals that all software should meet to some degree:  
1. It works.  
2. It can be modified without excessive time and effort.  
3. It is reusable.  
4. It is completed on time and within budget.  

These broad general goals can be broken down into lists of more specific goals:
1. It works.
  1. Gives correct output for all ranges of valid input.
  2. Should be robust, shall handle exceptions without catastrophic failure
  3. Is responsive.
  4. Have a logical user interface.
2. It can be modified without excessive time and effort.
Modular design is key. This makes it easier to modify a part without accidently breaking something else.
The code shall be well formatted and documented which makes it easier to modify it. Following a company coding convention, like for example having standardised ways for naming variables, also makes it easier when altering other peoples code.
It is reusable.
The software is should be separated into components where each component does small parts of the work. These components can then be reused in other projects.
The interface of the component shall be well documented, describing what the component does and how to use it.
Related components can be placed in a library. Can for example be a mathematics or communication library.
It is completed on time and within budget.
Working an agile way has been proven to be one of the better way to achieve this. Making small parts of the software ready and then showing these finished parts to the customer makes it possible to find problems and misunderstandings in an early part of the development phase. This means that working in an agile way is key for this quality goal.
Another key factor for this goal to be meet is good communication within the team making sure that the prioritizations are sound and that the work is in synch within in the group of developers.
