UML 2.2 has 14 types of diagrams.  

1. Class Diagram - Shows the classes in a system, attributes and and operations of each class and the relationship between each class.  
2. Component Diagram - Displays the structural relationship between the components of a software system.  
3. Deployment Diagram - Shows the hardware in a system and what software that runs on each machine.
4. Object Diagram - Very similar to class diagrams. Shows relationships between objects exemplified with real world data in the attributes of the objects.
5. Package Diagram - Shows the dependencies between different packages in a system.
6. Profile Diagram - Works as an extension mechanism of UML making it possible to adjust UML to different platforms and domains.
7. Composite Structure Diagram - Used to describe the internal structure of a class.
8. Use Case Diagram - Gives a graphic overview of the actors involved in a system, different functions needed by those actors and how these different functions are interacted.
9. Activity Diagram - Describes the workflow in an graphical ways.
10. State Machine Diagram - Similar to activity diagrams, used to describe the behaviour of objects that are different according to the state they are at the moment.
11. Sequence Diagram - Shows how objects interact with each other and the order those interactions occur.
12. Communication Diagram - Similar to sequence diagrams but the focus is on the messages passed between objects.
13. Interaction Overview Diagram - Interaction overview diagrams are very similar to activity diagrams. While activity diagrams shows a sequence of processes Interaction overview diagrams shows a sequence of interaction diagrams.
14. Timing Diagram - Represent the behaviour of objects in a given time frame.
